# Customer Rewards Program## Problem Statement:2 points for every dollar spent over $100 in a single transaction.1 point for every dollar spent between $50 and $100 in a single transaction.For example:A $120 purchase earns:2 × (120 - 100) = 40 points1 × (100 - 50) = 50 pointsTotal = 90 points## Features- RESTful API to fetch reward points per customer per month and total.- Dynamic month calculation (no hardcoded months).- In-memory dataset for demonstration.- Unit and integration tests with multiple customers and transactions.- Exception handling and negative test scenarios.- JavaDocs for all classes and methods.- Follows Java coding standards and clean architecture.## API Endpoint`GET /api/rewards` - Returns reward summary for all customers.## Project Structure```RewardsAPI/├── src/│   ├── main/│   │   ├── java/org/example/│   │   ├── Controller/   │   │   ├── Exception/│   │   ├── Model/│   │   ├── Repository/│   │   ├── Service/│   │   └── RewardApIsApplication.java│   └── test/│       └── java/│           └── RewardsServiceTests/├── .gitignore├── pom.xml└── README.md```## Technologies UsedJava 17Spring Boot 3.xMavenJUnit 5Lombok## API EndpointsGET /api/rewardsReturns reward points per customer per month and total.## Sample Response```{  "customerId": "CUST123",  "monthlyRewards": {    "March": 120,    "April": 90,    "May": 150  },  "totalRewards": 360}```## TestingUnit tests for service classes.Negative test cases for invalid inputs and edge cases.Run tests using:## Exception HandlingHandles invalid  transaction Amount.Returns meaningful error messages with appropriate Message.## Clone the repository:git clone https://github.com/Maha60/RewardService.gitcd RewardService## Build the project:mvn clean install## Run the application:mvn spring-boot:run## Access the API at:http://localhost:8080/api/rewards## NotesDo not check in target/ or .bin/ folders.Do not upload zipped versions of the project.Ensure code is formatted and follows naming conventions.JavaDocs are included for all classes and methods.